.TH WANHIVE 1 2022-09-02 "Wanhive Hub" "Wanhive Hub documentation"
.SH NAME
\fBwanhive\fR \-   IoT development platform.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wanhive
[ \-hmSv ] [ \-c pathname ] [ \-n identity ] [ \-t type ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B  Wanhive Hub
can be executed as
.br
1. An \fIauthentication hub\fR (server), for identification, authentication, and authorization of the IoT endpoints.
.br
or
.br
2. An \fIoverlay hub\fR (server), which acts as an intermediary between the IoT endpoints and ensures movement of data between the connected devices.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c <pathname>
.TQ
.B \-\-config <pathname>
.br
Full \fIpathname\fR of the external configuration file.

If not supplied via the command line then the program will try to read 
\fIwanhive.conf\fR from the 'current working directory', the 'executable directory', 
\fI~/.config/wanhive/wanhive.conf\fR, or the 'system configuration directory' in that order.
.TP
.B \-h
.TQ
.B \-\-help
.br
Show brief documentation.
.TP
.B \-m
.TQ
.B \-\-menu
.br
Show the application menu.
.TP
.B \-n <identity>
.TQ
.B \-\-name <identity>
.br
Assign a unique \fIidentity\fR to the hub. The identity should be a \fInon\-negative number\fR.
.TP
.B \-S
.TQ
.B \-\-syslog
.br
Write the log messages to the \fIsyslog\fR facility instead of \fIstderr\fR (default).
.TP
.B \-t <type>
.TQ
.B \-\-type <type>
.br
Specify hub's type. The type can be one of \fIauthentication hub\fR (\fB\-t a\fR) or \fIoverlay hub\fR (\fB\-t o\fR).
.TP
.B \-v
.TQ
.B \-\-version
.br
Show information about name, version, origin, and legal status.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHORS
Wanhive Systems (www.wanhive.com)
